Title: ACI-REF Virtual Residency Talk
Date: 2017-08-02
Tags: Presentations

The Advanced Cyberinfrastructure Research and Education Facilitator (ACI-REF) Virtual Residency workshop 2017 is intended for individuals who are responsible for helping researchers with computational and data-intensive research how to be more effective at demonstrating how to use cyberinfrastructure resources.

- [ACI-REF Virtual Residency](//www.oscer.ou.edu/acirefvirtres2017.php)

This workshop is an amazing resource for CI Facilitators trying to get a start on their campus and there were many talks/activities and is closely related to the CyberAmbassador program.  In particular the following activities overlap with the goals of the CyberAmbassador program:

- [Effective Communication: How to Talk to Researchers about Their Research](//www.oscer.ou.edu/acirefvirtres2017_talk_effectivecommunication_neeman_20170731.pdf)
- [How to Do an Intake Interview](//www.oscer.ou.edu/acirefvirtres2017_talk_effectivecommunication_neeman_20170731.pdf)
- [Cyberinfrastructure User Support](//www.oscer.ou.edu/acirefvirtres2017_talk_ciusersupport_colbry_20170803.pdf)

Throughout the week Henry Neeman also had lots of small useful communication tidbits and we had an amazing Ad-hoc talk about how to communicate effectively using email.  

Fortunately, just before attending the CyberAmbassador grant was funded we talked to the ACI-REF VR organizers (Henry Neman and Dana Brunson) about the grant and they found time in the schedule to let Dirk Talk with the participants.  The goal of this talk was to introduce the participants to the new CyberAmbassador program and hopefully generate some interest in participation.  Here is a link to the slides used in the talk:
- [CyberAmbassador](//www.oscer.ou.edu/acirefvirtres2017_talk_cyberambassadors_colbry_20170802.pdf)

78**+40** people were at the conference with **40** in person and 78 calling in remotely. Ad-hoc feedback seemed to indicate an excitement for the program.  Names were gathered to be added to the CyberAmbassador newsletter email list.
